# cs-305-software-security
Atremis Financial is a financial consulting firm that deals in plans for savings, retirement, investments and insuranc efor their customers. The firm hired me as the developer together with Global rainto develop a web application to modernize their operations. Global rain has been hired to develop an application for customers to develop upload files and access accounts and their primary concern is verifcation of data transfer. I struggled with developing slef signed certificates at first and running dependency checks and realized I was not paying attention to the small errors that occurred during development, focusing on these errors at the beginning of the development would have saved me time and helped in makig sure the code runs efficiently. Coding securely ensures the customers data security as well as that of the company especially in an age where digital attacks/ prircay are on the rise should be considered during every step of the Software Development Life Cycle. Running the dependency checks was really helpful while working through vulnerability assessment especially for applications that rely heavily on frameworks and external APIs to gather and manipulate data. I enusred there were added security layers on the pplication revolved around the use of multiple encryption algorithms that were suited for validating the data withing a file. I testsed the code at every developemnt stage to enusre it was running efficiently and made individual changes to the code before testing for proper integration of internal and external resources. Reading documents for specific tools and proramming languages really helped me navigate my assignment rubric and if I were to showcase what I have successfully completed, I would proudly show my vulnearbility and checksum reports.
